Deprecate repo. (#23)
turbot/steampipe-cloud-sdk-go: README.md

For help on getting started with Steampipe Cloud, please visit https://steampipe.io/docs/cloud/getting-started.

## Note

> This SDK has been deprecated and moved to https://github.com/turbot/pipes-sdk-go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This SDK has been deprecated and replaced by https://github.com/turbot/pipes-sdk-go. This was part of our [renaming](https://turbot.com/blog/2023/07/introducing-turbot-guardrails-and-pipes) of Steampipe Cloud to Turbot Pipes.
```
